feat: refine docs (#2)
Hexastack/hexabot-helper-minio: README.md

---

## Environment Setup 

> Set your environment variables in the `./docker/.env` Tile. These variables will be used later in docker-compose files during the installation process. Below an example of envrironment variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set your environment variables in the `./docker/.env` file. These variables will be used later by the Docker Compose files during the execution process. Below an example of envrironment variables:
```
